README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/wdavidw/node-ssh2-connect.png)][travis]

Node.js ssh2-connect
====================

The Node.js ssh2-connect package extends the [`ssh2`][ssh2] module to provide 
a simplified callback-back approach to initiate a new SSH connection.

Usage
-----

The main purpose of this module is to simplify the creation of an SSH 
connection. For example, the original ssh2 code...

```coffee
ssh2 = require 'ssh2'
connection = new ssh2()
connection.on 'error', (err) ->
  connection.end()
  # not ready at all
connection.on 'ready', ->
  # ready to go
connection.connect options
```

...is simplified to:

```coffee
connect = require 'ssh2-exec/lib/connect'
connect options, (err, ssh) ->
  # this is faster to write
```

Options are inherited from the [ssh2 `Connection.prototype.connect` function][connect]
with a few additions:

-   `username`   
    The username used to initiate the connection, default to the current 
    environment user.   
-   `privateKeyPath`   
    Path to the file containing the private key.   

Installation
------------

This is OSS and licensed under the [new BSD license][license].

```bash
npm install ssh2-connect
```

Examples
--------

The example is using both the "ssh2-connect" and "ssh2-fs" modules.

```js
connect = require('ssh2-connect');
fs = require('ssh2-fs');
connect({host: 'localhost'}, function(err, ssh){
  fs.mkdir(ssh, '/tmp/a_dir', (err, stdout, stderr){
    console.log(stdout);
  });
});
```

Compare this to the more verbose alternative using the original ssh2 module.

```js
ssh2 = require('ssh2');
fs = require('ssh2-fs');
connection = new ssh2();
connection.on('error', function(err){
  connection.end()
});
connection.on('ready', function(){
  fs.mkdir(connection, '/tmp/a_dir', (err, stdout, stderr){
    console.log(stdout);
  });
});
connection.connect({host: 'localhost'});
```

Development
-----------

Tests are executed with mocha. To install it, simple run `npm install`, it will install
mocha and its dependencies in your project "node_modules" directory.

To run the tests:
```bash
npm test
```

The tests run against the CoffeeScript source files.

To generate the JavaScript files:
```bash
make build
```

The test suite is run online with [Travis][travis] against Node.js version 0.9, 
0.10 and 0.11.

Contributors
------------

*   David Worms: <https://github.com/wdavidw>

[travis]: http://travis-ci.org/wdavidw/node-ssh2-connect
[ssh2]: https://github.com/mscdex/ssh2
[connect]: https://github.com/mscdex/ssh2
[license]: https://github.com/wdavidw/node-ssh2-connect/blob/master/LICENSE.md

Commit message:

add the retry and wait options

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://secure.travis-ci.org/wdavidw/node-ssh2-connect.png)][travis]

# Node.js ssh2-connect

The Node.js ssh2-connect package extends the [`ssh2`][ssh2] module to provide 
a simplified callback-back approach to initiate a new SSH connection.

## Usage

The main purpose of this module is to simplify the creation of an SSH 
connection. For example, the original ssh2 code...

```coffee
ssh2 = require 'ssh2'
connection = new ssh2()
connection.on 'error', (err) ->
  connection.end()
  # not ready at all
connection.on 'ready', ->
  # ready to go
connection.connect options
```

...is simplified to:

```coffee
connect = require 'ssh2-exec/lib/connect'
connect options, (err, ssh) ->
  # this is faster to write
```

## Options

Options are inherited from the [ssh2 `Connection.prototype.connect`][connect]
function with a few additions:

-   `username`   
    The username used to initiate the connection, default to the current
    environment user.
-   `privateKeyPath`   
    Path to the file containing the private key.   
-   `retry`
    Attempt to reconnect multiple times, default to "1".   
-   `wait`
    Time to wait in milliseconds between each retry, default to "500".  

Note, the "privateKeyPath" option is provided as a conveniency to  prepare the 
"privateKey" property.

## Installation

This is OSS and licensed under the [new BSD license][license].

```bash
npm install ssh2-connect
```

## Examples

The example is using both the "ssh2-connect" and "ssh2-fs" modules.

```js
connect = require('ssh2-connect');
fs = require('ssh2-fs');
connect({host: 'localhost'}, function(err, ssh){
  fs.mkdir(ssh, '/tmp/a_dir', (err, stdout, stderr){
    console.log(stdout);
  });
});
```

Compare this to the more verbose alternative using the original ssh2 module.

```js
ssh2 = require('ssh2');
fs = require('ssh2-fs');
connection = new ssh2();
connection.on('error', function(err){
  connection.end()
});
connection.on('ready', function(){
  fs.mkdir(connection, '/tmp/a_dir', (err, stdout, stderr){
    console.log(stdout);
  });
});
connection.connect({host: 'localhost'});
```

## Development

Tests are executed with mocha. To install it, simple run `npm install`, it will install
mocha and its dependencies in your project "node_modules" directory.

To run the tests:
```bash
npm test
```

The tests run against the CoffeeScript source files.

To generate the JavaScript files:
```bash
make build
```

The test suite is run online with [Travis][travis] against Node.js version 0.9, 
0.10 and 0.11.

## Contributors

*   David Worms: <https://github.com/wdavidw>

[travis]: http://travis-ci.org/wdavidw/node-ssh2-connect
[ssh2]: https://github.com/mscdex/ssh2
[connect]: https://github.com/mscdex/ssh2
[license]: https://github.com/wdavidw/node-ssh2-connect/blob/master/LICENSE.md
